This 316 development is really fast
A lot of people have joined recently
Only those who join the Inspectorate are called many
True or false
As long as you join, you will be fined 3,000 yuan directly.
It's nice to have money.
When is our boss like this?
Just think about it
You said it again
They are our enemies now
Song Qiuci, what are you doing here?
You are not welcome.
Don't get excited
I'm here to talk to you about cooperation this time.
No, it seems that you are still so hostile to me
Others will believe you
I thought you really changed your mind
But I will never cooperate with you
Jiang Road
Who allowed you to talk to our captain like that?
Are you qualified to talk to me like that?
OK
Song Qiuci, it seems that you didn't take care of your dog.
Okay, Jiang Road
Don't say I didn't give you a chance to work with me
The future is bright
OK
Here's 1 million check
Just treat it as an advance payment for you.
It seems that you are richer
I don't believe it.
Who in the world doesn't like money?
Of course there is.